Fix broken PopPUNK link & replace with valid site (#95)
bacpop/pp-sketchlib: README.md

<!-- badges: end -->

> Library of sketching functions used by [PopPUNK]([https://www.poppunk.net](https://poppunk.readthedocs.io/). See documentation at http://poppunk.readthedocs.io/en/latest/sketching.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Library of sketching functions used by [PopPUNK](https://github.com/bacpop/PopPUNK). See documentation at https://poppunk.bacpop.org/sketching.html#using-pp-sketchlib-directly
```
